api/README.md, before:

# code-with-quarkus project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
docker-compose up --detach 
# Wait the correct start of the docker services and then
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

To stop the application and its dependencies, type `ctrl+c` in the bash session and run `docker-compose down`.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner.jar` file in the `/target` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/lib` directory.
If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.html.

# RESTEasy JAX-RS

Guide: https://quarkus.io/guides/rest-json

Commit message:

update readme to mention a possible docker problem

api/README.md, after:

# code-with-quarkus project

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: https://quarkus.io/ .

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:
```shell script
docker-compose up --detach 
# Wait the correct start of the docker services and then
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

If it's the first time you use docker, it might be necessary to add your user to docker group.
```shell script
sudo gpasswd -a $USER docker
newgrp docker
```

To stop the application and its dependencies, type `ctrl+c` in the bash session and run `docker-compose down`.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:
```shell script
./mvnw package
```
It produces the `code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner.jar` file in the `/target` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/lib` directory.
If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:
```shell script
./mvnw clean package -Dquarkus.package.type=uber-jar
```

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using: 
```shell script
./mvnw package -Pnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling.html.

# RESTEasy JAX-RS

Guide: https://quarkus.io/guides/rest-json
